[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose a b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time marry
a good friend of mine
send me an email and asked me if we can
chat things have not going well for her
lately and she wanted to talk about it I
say sure of course if friends need time
to vent or talk I make sure I'm there
for them that's what friends are for she
told me that she recently broke up with
her boyfriend of three years she was
very much invested in that relationship
I asked her what was the reason for the
break-up
she said that she is approaching 30
eventually issue wants to settle down
and have kids but the ex-boyfriend is
not ready to make that commitment she
didn't feel that their goals are aligned
at this time therefore she call it quits
obviously that took an emotional toll on
her and thinking about putting herself
out there again stressed her out so she
decided to take a break from dating and
I agree with her that's totally a right
things to do for the time being
obviously when he rains it pulls if it's
not just a personal issue she has to
deal with as it turns out the word
friend is not going well either she has
a new manager this manager sees her as
the most junior and the youngest person
in the team and automatically assumes
she is not ready for the big projects
she always assigns Mary operational
tasks such as team meeting arrangements
program manager types of jobs Mary can
do that and can do that well but she
wants to work on something more
strategic with the bigger impact Mary
mentioned her concerns to her manager
several times but this manager decided
not to do anything about it so Mary is
concerned that she won't have anything
interesting to show in regards to her
getting experience on her resume after
two years into this job I let her do
most of talking and venting I was just
listening and asking questions she asked
me what I would do in her situation I
told her that I sense her frustration I
will be lost if I were her - I gave her
big kudos for being brave enough to
break up the relationship and not
dragging on and that's huge not many
women can do that so simply and choose
to move on that quickly it will probably
be painful for several months that is
the right things to do in the long run
on the work front that's a little
trickier I told her to make another peel
to her manager try one last time to let
her manager know her desire to take on
more strategic projects that's a chance
he won't work but that's okay
in the meantime if I were her I would
focus on getting all the deliverables
done but not so emotionally vested on
the current job so rather than devoting
to the job 120 percent I told her to
change her attitude by focusing on her
own well-being if there is something she
wants to learn and try now is a great
time to do that
apparently she always wanted to learn
dancing and a French well now it's time
to do both at the same time I said I
would keep an eye open for other job
opportunities within the company now is
what I call the wait time but she should
also proactively explore other
opportunities patiently wait for other
opportunities to come alone I also asked
her what kind of work
her manager assigned her to do she said
there are a lot of a scrum project
management I was asking if scrum like
agile software development type of scrum
she said yes she will be a certified
scrum master I was like what that is a
huge that will certainly look good
on her resume as a certified scrum
master I also told her that there is
agile marketing she should check out
Jeff Julian's agile marketing blog and
Andrea fryers book death of the marketer
if Mary positions her right she can
certainly link her scrum learning to
marketing I told her project management
and scrum training won't be wasted
effort she was so happy to hear that she
didn't initially share that perspective
at the end of our conversation she feel
a lot better and more excited about
scrum projects yay
I told her to learn as much as you can
about the scrum and agile approach and
take the time to pamper herself whenever
possible she promised me that she would
do that you go Mary in our lives we tend
to have more loads than highs the key is
to create your own high point when you
are in a low change your focus and
attitude no one stays in the low points
forever
but you need to proactively make changes
to bring the high points back to your
life sitting around and doing nothing
won't help Mary reaching out and
practically talking about her own issues
with me is the first step refocusing her
energy on her well-being
and being open to embrace and learn
about scrum is the second step paying
attention to other opportunities is the
third step so she is making effort when
we are making efforts the universe is
listening and then good things will
happen Mary I'm thinking of you I want
to know how you are doing in a couple
months you always have a friend in
Portland again send me your marketing
questions or thoughts be out Twitter at
p.m. dinner keep hustling my friends you
got this
[Music]